README.md, before:

# this is forOM

### our story
The world of social media is a bit cluttered. A bit noisy. A bit harsh.

Reddit has passion, but rack a disciprine.
Twitter and Instagram, for all their elegant style, are awash in vapid vanity.
Meanwhile, some of our best thoughts remain hidden for years, too shy to be seen or heard.

### enter forOM
forOM is a new attempt at an old ideal: the Forum of the Republic. What does this mean?

- **Inclusion:** Come as you are.
- **Brevity:** Select your words carefully.
- **Affirmation:** Prepare to face your fears.

Every participant in forOM will be authenticated through Google or Facebook.

All activity on forOM is public and permanent. Facebook deletes nothing and neither does the universe.
When you join a conversation in forOM, you own your words, forever.

Also, infinite sub-comments!

## user stories

### basic features (mvp)

1. Any user, authenticated or not, may view all forOM activity
- User arrives at the forOM to see the 10 most "active" top-level posts, or **Blinks**, of the last 48 hours
  - A post's activity level is calculated as its Nods plus 3x its Winks
- User selects a post to reveal its top 10 sub-comments, or **Winks** (as above, so below)
- **User may login for additional functionality**
  - User may Blink
    - This is a big deal
    - **User may Blink only 3 times per day** (bring on the memes)
    - Posts are limited to, say, 256 unicode characters
  - User may comment on any post, with the above restrictions
  - User may **Nod** at any post (think +1, or "Like"), with no restrictions

### extra sparkle features coming soon!
- When viewing Blinks and Winks
  - User may search all posts for keywords
  - User may sort posts by timestamp or activity level
  - User may edit the number of posts to display
  - User may edit the range of timestamps to display
  - User may edit the weights of Nods vs Winks for calculating activity level
  - User may save display settings

## join the conversation

forOM is intended as a simple **platform for the people**, from world leaders to community volunteers,
CEOs to custodians, grandparents to kids, to voice the **ideas and concerns** that matter most today.

forOM is all about coming together, as corny as that sounds. When we listen before speaking, we make more connections.
When our words are limited, we have to focus on what's most important. We have to find common ground,
and sometimes we have to make it.

forOM is for college and shul, for church and state, for apple pie and ice cream, for God and Country, for me and you.

###### on behalf of all of us,

##### thank you for your presence.

Commit message:

Add "tech" section to README.md

README.md, after:

# this is forOM

### our story
The world of social media is a bit cluttered. A bit noisy. A bit harsh.

Reddit has passion, but rack a disciprine.
Twitter and Instagram, for all their elegant style, are awash in vapid vanity.
Meanwhile, some of our best thoughts remain hidden for years, too shy to be seen or heard.

### enter forOM
forOM is a new attempt at an old ideal: the Forum of the Republic. What does this mean?

- **Inclusion:** Come as you are.
- **Brevity:** Select your words carefully.
- **Affirmation:** Prepare to face your fears.

Every participant in forOM will be authenticated through Google or Facebook.

All activity on forOM is public and permanent. Facebook deletes nothing and neither does the universe.
When you join a conversation in forOM, you own your words, forever.

Also, infinite sub-comments!

## user stories

### basic features (mvp)

1. Any user, authenticated or not, may view all forOM activity
- User arrives at the forOM to see the 10 most "active" top-level posts, or **Blinks**, of the last 48 hours
  - A post's activity level is calculated as its Nods plus 3x its Winks
- User selects a post to reveal its top 10 sub-comments, or **Winks** (as above, so below)
- **User may login for additional functionality**
  - User may Blink
    - This is a big deal
    - **User may Blink only 3 times per day** (bring on the memes)
    - Posts are limited to, say, 256 unicode characters
  - User may comment on any post, with the above restrictions
  - User may **Nod** at any post (think +1, or "Like"), with no restrictions

### extra sparkle features coming soon!
- When viewing Blinks and Winks
  - User may search all posts for keywords
  - User may sort posts by timestamp or activity level
  - User may edit the number of posts to display
  - User may edit the range of timestamps to display
  - User may edit the weights of Nods vs Winks for calculating activity level
  - User may save display settings

## tech
- [PureCSS](http://purecss.io/) for a simply beautiful interface
- [AngularJS](https://angularjs.org/) for front-end functionality
- [Ruby on Rails](http://rubyonrails.org/) for a RESTful API
  - [PostgreSQL](http://www.postgresql.org/) for Big, Bad Data
  - [bcrypt](https://rubygems.org/gems/bcrypt-ruby/versions/3.1.5) for authentication
  - [pry](https://rubygems.org/gems/pry/versions/0.10.1) for testing and debugging

## join the conversation

forOM is intended as a simple **platform for the people**, from world leaders to community volunteers,
CEOs to custodians, grandparents to kids, to voice the **ideas and concerns** that matter most today.

forOM is all about coming together, as corny as that sounds. When we listen before speaking, we make more connections.
When our words are limited, we have to focus on what's most important. We have to find common ground,
and sometimes we have to make it.

forOM is for college and shul, for church and state, for apple pie and ice cream, for God and Country, for me and you.

###### on behalf of all of us,

##### thank you for your presence.
